aur: add page (#12333)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/aur.md

# aur

> Build packages from AUR and manage local repositories.

> > A locar repository needs to be set in /etc/pacman.conf and vifm needs to be installed for this to fully function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: A local repository needs to be set in `/etc/pacman.conf` and `vifm` needs to be installed for this to fully function.
```
From [style guide#special-cases](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#special-cases):
> Technical wording on description lines should use the `backtick` syntax.
> Use backticks on the following:
> 
> - Paths, e.g. `package.json`, `/etc/package.json`.
> - Extensions, e.g. `.dll`.
> - Commands, e.g. `ls`.
> - Standard streams: `stdout`, `stdin`, `stderr`. **Do not** use the full names (e.g. standard output).
